Implement a test case as a separate function to a @code{<own_module_name>Cases.c} file using the following type of function:

@example
#ifdef TEST_VAR_DECLARATIONS
       DLList         *l;
#endif /* TEST_VAR_DECLARATIONS */

#ifdef TEST_CASES
MIN_SETUP 
@{
        l = dl_list_create ();
@}

MIN_TEARDOWN 
@{
        dl_list_free (&l);
@}

MIN_TESTDEFINE(test_dllist_create)
@{
        MIN_ASSERT_NOT_EQUALS (l, INITPTR);
        MIN_ASSERT_EQUALS (dl_list_size (l), 0);
@}

MIN_TESTDEFINE_DESC (test_dllist_free, check that list is INITPTR after 
                     dl_list_free)
@{
        dl_list_free (&l);
        MIN_ASSERT_EQUALS (l, INITPTR);
@}
#endif /* TEST_CASES */
@end example

The file consists of two sections @code{TEST_VAR_DECLARATIONS} and @code{TEST_CASES}.

Variables that are common for all test cases are defined in the @code{TEST_VAR_DECLARATIONS} section. 

The @code{TEST_CASES} section contains test fixtures (@code{MIN_SETUP} and @code{MIN_TEARDOWN}) and the test cases (@code{MIN_TESTDEFINE}). Code placed in the @code{MIN_SETUP} is executed for each test case before the test case execution; and @code{MIN_TEARDOWN} after each test case. The @code{MIN_SETUP} section should be used to initialize the common variables and possible startup routines.  Similarly @code{MIN_TEARDOWN} can be used for clean up routines (e.g., freeing memory).

Implementation of test case itself is done by adding new @code{MIN_TESTDEFINE} or @code{MIN_TEST_DEFINE_DESC} section to @code{TEST_CASES} section. Name of the new test cases is defined as a parameter for the macro. Needed test case functionality must be placed in this section (apart from setup and teardown activities).

The result of each test case is determined by using of one or several @code{MIN_ASSERT_} macros. If any of the @code{MIN_ASSERT_} macros discovers that the test case result is other than expected, test case result will be marked as failed.
