The @code{run} keyword is used to start a specified test case. It has several mandatory and optional arguments, described below.
@table @b
@item Mandatory arguments
@item testmodule
The test module name.
@item configfile
The test case configuration file.
@item Test case number
The test case number to be executed from configfile.

@item Optional arguments
@item expect
The expected result
default 0 = @code{ENOERR} 
@item testid
Test case identification, which is used by other keywords to identify the test case

@b{Note:} Avoid using the same testid for many test case runs
@item Ini
The initialization file for test module (not supported yet)
@item category
The result category; either normal, leave, panic, exception or timeout
@item timeout
Test case timeout.
@item title
Test case title.  If given, following rules must be held:
@itemize
@item if title is given, test case number is ignored (however still must be provided);
@item if title contains space chars, then the whole title has to be given between quotation marks (e.g. title="My example with space");
@item test case title must not contain quotation mark (");
@item all normal modules must be 1-base indexed;
@item if module has more than one test case which match the title, first one will be run;
@item in master slave environment, if module does not have configuration file, dummy.cfg must be given for configfile argument.
@end itemize
@end table
The run keyword can be used for example in the following way:
@example
run netmodule net.cfg 5 testid=test1 expect=3 ini=ini.txt
run netmodule net.cfg -1 testid=test2 title="My test case example"
@end example

